More context and small corrections for some environment variables (#1773)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-ci/ci-environment-variables.md

### `SEMGREP_BASELINE_COMMIT`

Set `SEMGREP_BASELINE_COMMIT` to a commit hash to only show results that are **not** found in that hash. Generally this is used to enable **[diff-aware scanning](/deployment/customize-ci-jobs#set-up-diff-aware-scans)** for CI providers that are **not** GitHub Actions or GitLab CI/CD. 

This environment variable doesn't work if you are not currently in a Git directory, there are unstaged changes, or the given baseline hash doesn't exist or is not available in the CI environment.

If you set `SEMGREP_BASELINE_COMMIT` in CI to enable diff-aware scanning, the ideal value is the git merge-base between the branch being scanned and the target branch that the code will be merged into. For example:

```bash
export SEMGREP_BASELINE_COMMIT=$(git merge-base main feature-brach)
```

> To avoid harcoding the branch names, check your CI provider's documentation for available variables that provide the correct values for every CI job. For example, in a Jenkins environment:

Author: I based this sentence on the other occurrences, but I don't really like the use of "detect the correct values" in those and not all CIs only have environment variables available, so I used "available variables that provide the correct values" instead. 

If this sounds okay, maybe we can update the other cases too?

Reviewer: This sounds fine to me!

> To avoid harcoding the branch names, check your CI provider's documentation for available variables that provide the correct values for every CI job. For example, in a Jenkins environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid hardcoding the branch names, check your CI provider's documentation for available variables that provide the correct values for every CI job. For example, in a Jenkins environment, you can use:
```

Author: tx for the catch!

This environment variable only works with Semgrep versions 1.61.1 and later.
:::

> Setting `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME` only changes the project that scan results are reported to. The scan still uses the configuration information (such as [project ignores](https://semgrep.dev/docs/ignoring-files-folders-code#define-ignored-files-and-folders-in-semgrep-appsec-platform)) from the repo name detected by Semgrep or set by `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME` only changes the project that scan results are reported to. The scan still uses the configuration information, such as [project ignores](https://semgrep.dev/docs/ignoring-files-folders-code#define-ignored-files-and-folders-in-semgrep-appsec-platform),  from the repo name detected by Semgrep or set by `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME`.
```
